What I have in my hands is an authentic and lonely one
Little brother, this is a bad joke
What you just bought is Lin's.
Which is the original work of Tang Yin?
Don't say I don't have this store?
He doesn't have this whole Gu'an street
Then boss, you have to take a good look at him.
Tang Bohu's sunset
You have to ask about the authenticity of the official head, right?
See the painting fairy see chapter
You see the words Tang Yin Bohu here
It's true at a glance
That's not possible.
Isn't Sadako novel?
Humph boss
If I'm right
Did you receive this painting from an old farmer?
Because it's well protected and brand new.
Everyone thought he was Linde
But it's genuine.
And then there's the research.
Here, let me see.
Really?
It's true.
God it's true
Save Mengcheng
I actually sold Uncle Tang's plan for 2,000 yuan
Mr. Wang, this painting is now yours.
Congratulations on your painting.
Oh, dear.
I wanted to thank you by buying flowers
Look at a sentence from yesterday
Saved our lives.
Oh, by the way, where do you have my business card?
You can contact me anytime if you have anything in the future.
Let's eat first today
I've made a deal with you as a friend.
Go well another day
I have something to do today
Leaf is bad
Xiaoxue was captured by Brother Tiger